Add docs for previewing changes and removing components (#667)
RoadieHQ/marketing-site: content/docs/details/unregister-components/index.md

---
title: Removing Components in Backstage
publishedDate: '2022-04-01T21:00:00.0Z'
description: How to remove a component from the catalog
---

You can remove a component from Roadie Backstage by unregistering it. 

> Go to the component in question i.e. `/catalog/default/component/sample-service` and click the three vertical dots on the top right.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Go to the component in question i.e. `/catalog/default/component/sample-service` and click the meatball menu on the top right.
```
;)

> Go to the component in question i.e. `/catalog/default/component/sample-service` and click the three vertical dots on the top right.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Go to the component in question i.e. `/catalog/default/component/sample-service` and click the kebab menu on the top right.
```
This is actually the correct one, meatball is horizontal.
